## sample-dotnet-app
 
JenkinsFile.build Dependencies for Jenkins Windows Agent:

- IIS WebServer
  choco install IIS-WebServer --source windowsfeatures -y

- ASP.NET Core 3.1 Runtime (v3.1.7) - Windows Hosting Bundle Installer
  choco install dotnetcore-windowshosting -y

- DotNet-SDK (for build/run/clean/publish/etc commands)
  choco install dotnetcore-sdk -y

- Powershell installed and Powershell.exe is in PATH so that it can be called anywhere by bat commands

- Google Cloud SDK (including gcloud CLI) for sending artifacts to GCS bucket
  choco install gcloudsdk -y

- Git (enables Jenkins to clone repo)
  choco install git.install -y

- Packer
  choco install packer -y

- Terraform
  choco install terraform -y


# Terraform Authentication for GCP (local development only)

Obtains user access credentials via a web flow and puts them in the well-known location for Application Default Credentials (ADC).
This command is useful when you are developing code that would normally use a service account but need to run the code in a local development environment where it's easier to provide user credentials. The credentials will apply to all API calls that make use of the Application Default Credentials client library. Do not set the GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS environment variable if you want to use the credentials generated by this command in your local development. This command tries to find a quota project from gcloud's context and write it to ADC so that Google client libraries can use it for billing and quota. Alternatively, you can use the --client-id-file flag. In this case, the project owning the client id will be used for billing and quota. You can create the client-id-file at https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials.

This command has no effect on the user account(s) set up by the gcloud auth login command.

Any credentials previously generated by gcloud auth application-default login will be overwritten.

Reference: https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/auth/application-default/login



